>> She came here as a
high-dimensional being.
And she came here to
do an amazing mission.
And she is out there
every night traveling
across the astral plane,
defending the light.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Sonsee Giessner.
I am 48 years old, and I
live in Portland, Oregon.
I am a global supply
chain specialist
for a local shoe company.
I have had a form of leukemia
since November of 2015.
I heard that QHHT may be
able to help me with reaching
my goal of remission.
There are video clips
on YouTube that Dolores
talks about the healing
that takes place
in some of her QHHT sessions and
that this was quantum healing.
And this was a modality that
I had never heard of before.
So that was what led
me to dig further.
Several months ago, I had my
first QHHT session with Tracie.
And in that session, I
experienced profound healing.
And I am in remission
at this time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
People have asked
me, what was it
like going into a QHHT session?
And I could hear myself
answering the questions.
I knew that it was me,
that it was my higher self.
I could distinguish the two.
It felt very natural
and very normal.
Yet it was also very
clear to me that it
was a profound experience that
I needed to understand and allow
myself to open up to to hear it.
I have other questions
that I would really
like to understand
now, especially
since I have experienced
so much profound healing.
I'm very eager to understand
what additional insights I
can gain from this experience.
One of the questions that I had
following my remission, I never
really asked why.
I would like to
understand what it
is that led me to get the
cancer and if there is anything
that I still need to clear to
keep that remission status.
What's nice about going through
the QHHT session with Tracie
is that she gives so much
time in the interview process
to really help you feel
comfortable when she takes you
through the first
steps and you realize
the place that your
answers are coming from.
It makes so much sense
that the answers, when
they come from that
space, you can pinpoint,
yes, it's all coming
from that same space.
I know that I can
trust that answer.
I remember, in the session that
I had, I had asked for healing.
And it wasn't until the
next couple of days,
even up to two weeks
after, that I really
was able to see measurable
differences with my healing.
But I also walked away from
that feeling so much presence
and comfort.
I would like to know if I can
get healing because I am still
dependent on medications.
And I can't help but
feel like it was meant
for me to connect with Tracie.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm Tracie Mahan, and
I'm a level 3 practitioner
of the quantum healing
hypnosis technique.
This was a technique
that was brought forward
by Dolores Cannon.
And a lot of people, they hear
the stories of Dolores Cannon.
They see what she puts out
into the world with her videos
and her techniques.
But a lot of people
don't know how much
work Dolores Cannon
put into this technique
that we're using today.
I've been doing this version
of hypnosis since 2014.
Over the years, I've taken
many different courses,
many different exercises
to hone in these skills.
And then I found Dolores,
and it was like finding home.
I spent the last
several years of my life
as a single mom of three boys.
I've raised them
mostly by myself.
There was a lot of
things to overcome,
and I had to go through my
own obstacles to get here.
I came up in a
Catholic background.
There was a lot of things
that made me the martyr.
I had abundance issues and
always put myself last.
And I had to come through that
stuff and overcome that stuff.
And as I did, I got to
grow in so many ways, not
just spiritually, but I got
to see the world around me
as my mirror, as the thing
that brought me information
to help me know what
direction to go next.
And my journey has helped
me understand other people's
stories and to help
people understand
also that our feelings are
very important to be felt.
So much of society tells
us not to feel them.
And once we get
past that hurdle,
once we get over
that hump, then we
can get into the real truth
of who we are and love
all the aspects of ourselves.
And that's what I hope to pass
on to my kids and to my clients,
and as I move forward, continue
to give that to myself as well.
Sonsee contacted me
several months ago,
and we did a session.
And it was an
extraordinary session.
A lot of answers and a lot of
healing came into that session.
And she contacted
me again recently
to see if she could come back
in and get some more answers.
I'm just the
facilitator of this.
She is the healer.
She is the one with the answers.
The answers are
always inside of us.
We already have them.
This is just a
beautiful technique
to get us to that place where
we can find those answers
and get out of our own way and
let those answers come through.
Thank you for coming in.
It was so fun to
know that you're
going to have a second session
and that the first one went well
for you.
So what was it that you wanted
to come in for this time?
>> Well, I had so much
healing take place last time.
What I found was I did
experience my remission
that I've worked for
years to achieve.
So I am in remission.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
I am in remission.
I'd never asked the
question, why did
I get the cancer to begin with?
>> So we just dive
deeper into that?
>> We want to dive--
I want to dive deeper into
that just so that I understand
anything else that I need to
look into or work on because I
thought I would die with this.
And I was on the
edge of remission,
and I was there
for almost a year.
And I couldn't figure
out what else to do.
And then all of a
sudden, QHHT came to me,
and that's what
brought me to you.
And here I am.
>> So this is a journey that
you've been on with the cancer
and the tumor since 2015?
>> 2015, yeah.
>> What kind of things have
been going on since your last
session, and how things
have been for you?
>> I've had a sense of peace.
So I could imagine
that people who
have tendencies where they have
to hold on and control the tiger
that they're holding,
that something like this
would be really helpful.
>> So we'll ask for all
of it and check in where
you're at with it and
see where we get with it.
>> So that is my big thing.
And I also have a
couple of questions
that I would really
like to understand.
So I did prepare some for you.
>> We're going to go
over these in a minute.
>> There's one other story
that I have that as a kid,
it started showing up
in the fifth grade.
And I've seen it as a repeating
pattern, even through adulthood.
I think that I am a good friend.
I think that
everything's going great.
And then one day, there's
no room at the table for me.
There's no incident
that triggers it.
And I find myself feeling
like I've been ghosted.
And I have no idea why.
And it leaves me wondering
what's wrong with me.
What have I done?
And so I would really like to
understand, what part of that
is it connected?
Is there an originating
story somewhere
I can trace back where
that story has come up,
that same pattern?
I can see it in subtle things
and in other taking shape,
but it's a similar theme.
So I'd like to just see if
there's any further there as
well.
>> So oh, I love this one.
What is my soul's
greatest, most unique gift?
I'll dive into that.
I love those.
>> Thank you.
>> Just looking to see
if there's anything we
haven't talked about
in that question.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, so that's
everything we talked about.
Anything else that
you might want to add?
>> Yes, actually.
I am still taking a
preventative blood thinner.
My goal is to no longer have
to take the blood thinner
and to trust that I'm not
going to have a blood event.
Blood events are strokes,
heart attacks, aneurysms.
>> OK.
>> I often have strong
vibrations at night,
and it keeps me awake
with the zappy twitches.
Tell me about this, the
legs, the restless legs.
>> Every night, say
probably six nights a week,
I can feel it slowly, I can feel
the energy rise from my feet up
my legs.
Sometimes it'll go all
the way to my hips,
like I'm standing in
some kind of radioactive
or a pool of energy.
>> And this happens every night?
>> Every night.
And then eventually
I'll just get up,
and I'll go downstairs and walk.
>> We got a lot of really
great questions here,
follow-up stuff that's going
to add to that clarity.
I'm excited about that.
>> Yeah.
>> You have any
questions about today?
>> No.
I feel like I'm more
at ease because I'm
aware of the process.
>> Yeah.
>> But you also made it really
comfortable before as well.
>> Oh, good.
Go with the first
thing that comes
to mind when we get in there.
Talk and talk a lot so that
I can get a great description
of what you're experiencing.
If you feel like
you're making it up,
don't worry about that
because that imagination is
bringing that from somewhere.
And that helps you get
tapped into everything else.
And just kind of let go of
the trying and the wanting
and get into the
playfulness of it.
OK?
>> Sure.
I'm excited.
>> All right.
>> I'm pretty high up.
It looks like aerial over land.
It looks like a city or a--
but no skyscrapers.
Like, residential.
>> The first thing I want to do
with Sonsee is get her relaxed,
get her very comfortable.
What I noticed is as I was
bringing her into her lifetime,
instead of her feet
being on the ground,
she was actually floating.
>> It was like when you're
making a final approach in from
the airplane, you can see
the grid of the streets where
the different-- with the
different rows of houses.
So you're up at that level.
>> Is there anything else in
that experience that you want
to share?
>> Looks to me like Mesa, like
where I was when I was a kid,
born and raised.
>> OK, and how do you
perceive yourself?
>> I feel like I'm checking that
place out before I came down.
That's odd.
OK, so what it feels like
to me, what it looks like
is that I'm scoping this place
out, like I'm house hunting
or like I'm family shopping.
It's very weird.
But this is before I was born.
I recognize that
that is the house.
And I recognize
that is the street.
And I feel like I'm there,
like that is where--
like I knew I had to go there.
When I look at
the house, I think
I was looking to
see if I could see
what the family is like
without going into the house.
At this point, I was
hovering over the house.
What it felt like is that
I was checking it out
before I was due to go there.
>> We pick our families when
we come into these lifetimes.
We pick the parents that
we're going to interact with
and oftentimes
even the siblings.
And they all play roles
for us in this life.
Family shopping.
>> That's what my--
that's what it feels like to me.
>> I love it.
OK, so what happens next?
>> I didn't go into the house.
I went back up.
>> Tell me about that.
>> I did not go up into a cloud.
I'm gone straight up into space.
>> Oh.
>> I'm in the stars.
Mom wasn't ready for me yet.
And the baby, the body
wasn't ready for my body yet.
It wasn't ready for me yet
to fully submerge or go in.
And so I went back up to wait.
>> So your mother is
already pregnant with you?
>> Yes.
>> But you don't
hang out in the body?
>> Didn't hang out in the body.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Or maybe she
wasn't ready for me.
>> So at what point do you
connect with your body?
>> She wasn't ready for me all
the way because I'm not from--
I was coming from--
oh, OK.
>> Tell me more.
You're coming from where?
>> I'm coming from Andromeda.
>> Ahh.
We hear a lot in
these sessions, how
we come from these
other star systems
and that the Earth is an
experience that we're having.
>> I can't just go
straight into her body.
The frequency that I operate
as a soul into her body,
it would be too hard
on her and the mother.
>> Her little baby body as
she was preparing to come
into wasn't ready for the full
integration of the soul yet.
We are a spiritual being
having a human experience.
And these are vehicles
that we are in.
These are containers
we're using.
And you're from Andromeda?
>> Yes.
And so why are you-- why are
you coming into the body?
>> Ahh, I'm here
for the awakening.
>> Can you tell me about that?
>> I heard the call.
>> You heard the call.
>> The great call that went out
to help with this big ascension.
The call is to bring Earth
from the third dimension
to the fifth dimension.
And it's all of the
living beings, everything.
>> It seems to be a common
occurrence that people do
remember coming from other
planetary systems into this
world to help with
this ascension process.
In fact, Dolores Cannon
wrote a whole series on this.
OK, so how does that work when
you come into the human form
to help with that awakening?
What does that
look like for you?
>> Can't remember shit.
>> What are you
trying to remember?
>> What I was supposed to do.
There's a veil.
There's a curtain,
a wall between us
that causes us to forget
where we come from,
our past lives, the wisdom
of those past lives.
>> It's important to be in
the life that you're in.
And if we were to remember
all the other lifetimes,
we would constantly be in
the flow of those regrets
and those things we would
have done differently,
all the different things from
all the different lifetimes.
It would be overwhelming.
>> But we have to
learn the hard way.
We don't get to bring all
of our-- all of our gifts.
We have to discover
them in divine time.
>> What kind of gifts did you
have before you came here?
>> I know that I
work with energy.
I believe that I am
traveling and defending.
>> Do you have to remember
in order for it to work?
>> No.
It's automatic.
>> There was a moment where you
can see Sonsee shift from being
in her self, experiencing life.
And then there's
this shift where
she starts talking about
herself in the third person.
That's when you know you
are talking to the higher
self, the subconscious mind.
Sonsee got-- Sonsee got
some additional help.
She's been able to
do a lot of clearing.
>> And her cancer.
>> That was a big block,
not just physically,
not just physiologically.
It opened doors for her.
>> Yeah.
Why did she have the cancer?
>> She knows the answer.
The answer is with her.
She put herself last
for all of these years
that she watched and
looked after her daughter
and went through all of
her daughter's trials
and tribulations and
heartaches and developments
and took care of herself last.
That included her wellness,
her mental health.
Everything was last for her.
The cancer came because she
kept ignoring the other signs.
She kept ignoring the warnings
to take time off, reprioritize,
take care of yourself.
It helped her learn how to
let herself matter and learn
to love all of the parts of
who she is, the parts that
are perfectly imperfect.
And they're not going to
be everyone's cup of tea.
But they're her.
>> Yeah.
Is her journey with
the cancer done?
>> Yes.
>> Wonderful.
Who is it that I'm
speaking with right now?
>> You're speaking
with her higher self.
>> Wonderful.
Thank you for being here.
>> The higher self has explained
that the cancer was there
as a block.
It was there because I
always put myself last.
It was there to teach
me to put myself higher.
>> Anger, frustration,
hurt, pain, sadness, abuse,
all those things, if they are
not processed properly and moved
out of the body, they start
to create illness within us.
The subconscious mind knows
where these illnesses came from,
what was the hurt and
the pain behind that.
Most of the time, we don't
know where these pains are
coming from because they are old
or childhood or even past life.
And they get carried
over into this lifetime,
or childhood gets buried and
then festers in the body.
And you don't even
realize what it is
that's creating that illness.
>> I don't advise that she
attempt to discontinue or taper
back on her Topamax
at this time.
She needs at least
another 60 days
before we feel like she will
feel the difference when
she's not taking that medicine.
>> OK, so she needs to be on
that for a little bit longer.
>> Yes.
>> But there is an end to it?
>> I believe that she will feel
the difference in 60 days, yea.
>> So how do you go from
Andromeda to occupying the human
form?
>> I'm in a light body.
I travel all over the place.
I don't need a craft.
I'm a light warrior.
And we are working very heavily
on the pyramid grids that are
located throughout the planet.
And I'm connected to one
that is located over my home.
And it's not seen in third
dimension, but you can feel it.
>> So there's a pyramid, an
energy pyramid, above the home.
Is that what you're saying?
>> There are many, many,
many, many pyramids.
And then there's 15
large pyramids and then
3 magnanimous pyramids.
>> And what do those do?
>> They stack like this.
>> What's their purpose?
>> They create a grid.
Think of a circuit
board, like a mother--
like a motherboard
on a computer.
And the energy flows
through, up and down.
We have the pyramids
that are all
over the world and
the lightworkers
that are strategically
positioned all over the world
as well, supporting the grid
that these pyramids are also
structured around.
I am working every night.
I'm busy.
And all of those
pyramids will turn
into what is the
passageway into new Earth.
The role that I take as a light
warrior is that I am defending--
I'm defending the light.
We're going to where the dark
is, and we're alchemizing it.
If there are vulnerabilities on
the grid, we're protecting it.
>> Sonsee talks a lot about who
she is when she's not in this
reality.
And she's quite the warrior.
And she really sounds like
she loves this planet.
And she talks about
being that warrior.
And that was really
relatable to me
because I love this planet too.
So it's exciting to hear how
many people really are fighting
for a better place to live.
So you were talking about
Sonsee working at night.
>> Every night.
>> Well, she was talking about
this energy that moves up
through her feet.
And she was wondering
what that was.
>> What she feels is
the energy rising up,
all the way up to her waist.
It's the field.
>> OK.
>> I'm in the field.
So when she's awake and she
has to go down and walk,
I'm still gone.
But what she's feeling
is me in the field.
I'm working in the pyramid
grid, in the field,
where there's rising all
the way up to her waist.
There is a grid.
But when you're
out in the field,
that's the space between
each of the pyramids.
And that field is
filled with energy.
And that's what I'm wading in.
>> So when she's
feeling that feeling,
if she doesn't want that
feeling, she just wants to rest,
it can go away.
Is that what you're saying?
>> Yes.
I can arrange for
her to not feel that.
She still doesn't quite
understand her role
as a light warrior.
She just knows that her
body is busy at night.
So I think that's
part of why she
continues to want to participate
or feel or see on some level.
But I can help mute
the field energies.
>> Wonderful.
So she's been in the pyramids.
>> Yes.
>> What's that like?
>> Michael is the pyramid.
>> Michael, her husband?
>> Yes.
>> Oh.
What can you tell me about that?
>> There are squads connected
to each pyramid around the grid,
around the planet.
Each squad is four
to five people,
four to five lightworkers.
And that's two light workers
and two to three light warriors.
And Michael is the light worker
that has built this pyramid.
He doesn't know it.
>> Well, Sonsee didn't know
everything either, right?
>> No, she didn't.
>> Maybe he'll get
to remember, too.
>> Yes.
>> So why was it important
for them to be together?
Or what brought
them together as--
>> They came over
together from Andromeda.
The lightworkers are
all ascended masters.
>> OK.
That sounds like a--
sounds like it was
probably a good plan.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
OK, so we have
some questions here
that Sonsee wanted me to ask.
I think we got a lot
of them answered,
but I'm going to
read them off anyway.
She had typed out
a list of questions
that she was looking
for answers for.
When she moved into
that subconscious mind,
I knew I had access to
those answers for her.
Since her last QHHT session,
she went into remission.
>> Yes.
>> She doesn't have to
worry about that anymore,
I think is what you told her,
that she doesn't have to worry
about it coming back.
What else would be good
to tell her about that?
>> She underwent quite a lot in
the last two years particularly,
but I just want her to always
remember that her energetic bank
account matters too always.
She does not need to put
herself last any longer.
>> So what does it look like
when she's her authentic
and true self?
>> She's feisty.
That's why she's a warrior.
>> OK.
>> She's feisty, but she's
got a thirst for life.
She's got a-- she's
got a funny wit.
And she's got just an
insatiable appetite to love.
>> Today was a big expression
of how important it was to love
herself and to understand who
she is and to honor her feelings
and how important she
is to this planet.
And we're all important
to this planet.
So it's very important to be
on that journey of self-love.
OK, so what about the
gifts that she has?
You mentioned a little
bit about it already,
but could you go over her unique
gifts that she has as Sonsee?
>> She came here as a
high-dimensional being.
And she came here to
do an amazing mission.
And she is out there
every night traveling
across the astral plane
and defending the light.
>> All right.
Let's go to the question she
has about ever since even
fifth grade, she will get these
groups of friends or friends,
and then all of a sudden,
without warning, they're
just not her friends anymore.
Why does that happen?
>> It's not her fault. There is
nothing that she is doing that
causes this.
It's her energy.
>> Tell me about that.
>> She is higher vibrational.
The light that she gives
off, the positive energy
that she gives off, is
off-putting to people
who are struggling.
And she draws the
shadows out of people.
>> Ohh.
And then how do
they react to that?
>> Well, at first,
they love her.
And then they don't feel
good about themselves.
And then they start--
they're lower self-esteem.
They start to attack.
She's not doing anything wrong.
It is that it stirs the--
it stirs the insecurities
out in other people.
>> Is there anything
there that--
>> Yeah, she still
has heartache.
>> Yeah.
Can we help her--
>> She still has sadness there.
It's right in the center
of the heart chakra.
It's the part that keeps it
from shattering wide open.
It's the tiny-- it's the last,
tiniest little bit that remains,
that keeps the lid on.
>> Wonderful.
So does that help--
that hurt to be heard?
>> It does actually
feel like it's--
I feel like she's more resil--
she's more receptive to it
when I'm speaking through.
>> Yeah?
That's good.
>> Yes.
>> Does it feel better now?
>> Wonderful.
It was an extraordinary session.
She learned a lot about
herself, who she is,
where she comes from, and
how to love herself and be
her true version of
herself in this world.
That's what I ask
for for my clients.
I couldn't be happier
for her outcome.
How long did you feel
like you're in that?
>> Hour?
>> You were in there
just over two hours.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
I've had healing.
I've had clarity that's come.
I've had direction.
I've gained a sense of direction
and purpose in my life,
where I felt like
I was floundering.
I finally feel like I'm part
of something bigger than me.
And it's not coming
from a place of ego.
It's coming from a place of
importance for the greater good.
I feel this peace
that comes around me.
I feel this comfort
and confidence.
I know who I am.
I know what direction
I'm headed in.
And that's a heck of a lot
better than where I was.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's been three weeks
since my QHHT session.
And I feel that there are
quite a number of things
that I have noticed that have
changed since that session.
I'm at more peace with
things that I struggled
to understand in the
past with regards
to friendship dynamics
over the years.
What I felt in the past was that
I was left out without reason.
And it felt like it was
answered, I have a reason,
and that I'm no longer
connected emotionally
to the reasoning why or the
pattern of it happening.
It feels like a closed chapter.
And then the vibrations.
I had so many issues
with sleeping at night
with vibrations.
I could feel in my entire
body that kept me up.
I am no longer feeling the
vibrations like I was before.
So it's been a-- it's
been a big help for me.
I definitely had a journey
into my soul, thanks to Tracie.
And I look forward to everything
that continues to unfold for me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]